15⁶2

effect of his Royal Highness the Prinoe
Regent's Letter, in our name and on our
behalf, and under our Privy Signet‚ hear·
ing date at our Court at Carlton House
the fourteenth day of October one thousand
eight hundred and nineteen, in the fifty-
ninth Year of our Reign, and now enrolled
in the rolls of our High Court of Chanoery
in that part of our said United Kingdom
called Ireland, Have made, established, and
confirmed, and by these Presents‚ for Us,
>our Heirs and Successors, We do make,
establish, and confirm, the following Sta-
tute, as and for a Statute of and for the said

College in the words and to the effect fol-
lowing, that is to say,

DE QUIBUSDAM IN STATUTIS MUTANDIS.

CUM in diversis statutorum capitibus Dies
et Horae tum Examinationi Scholarium in
disciplinis progressus terminisque obser-
vandis, tum portis Collegii obserandis et
aperiendis praescribuntur, et plurima officia
academica ad tempora certa limitantur,
compertum autem sit multa et gravia exin-
de incommoda collegio provenisse, quibus

