200

the election of Fellows, of one new Fellow
in this and in each of the next succeeding
nine years, over and above any vacancies
that may occur in the subsisting body of

the Fellows of said College, for the time
being. And OUR WILL and pleasureFUR-

T HER is, that of the ten additional Fel-
lows so to be elected, only the four Seniors
for the time being shall be appointed to be
Tutors according to the provisions respec-
ting the Office of a Tutor in the said College,
contained in the Statutes relating theret03
but the remaining six of such additional
Fellows shall enjoy all other the Rights,
Profits, and Emoluments‚ and perform all
other the Duties and Functions of Junior
Fellows, and shall be eligible to all other

Offices in said College to which any J unior
Fellows thereos may now be elected or
appointed. AND that after the year one
thousand eight hundred and forty-nine‚
when the whole number of additional
Fellows shall have been completed in

manner aforesaid, there shall be an annual
Examination and Election of one person

